'Kay so we've got our conceptual design meeting. 'Kay so here's our agenda our agenda. I'm gonna open. I'm gonna take some notes. We're gonna all do a presentation,. and then hopefully we're gonna make some decisions now. I'm gonna let you guys talk before we make decisions.
So so here's a look inside your really old-looking remote control. you've got a printed a printed circuit board here,. and you've got all these buttons which kinda press down little rubber nubbies into these little holes that activate. So you've also got you've got your chip here, your batteries here, and some sorta electronics. so you've got here's here's a transistor, and this amplifies your signal,. you've got the LED here on the end of the on the end of the printed circuit board. you've got a couple diodes here for I don't know who and whatnot. So we've got a i in this in this drawing he in this example here, this is a eighteen pin chip I dunno. it's two double A batteries. This is pretty standard remote. So here are options for our power sources. You can use a basic battery, which we've already discussed,. th our tech department also said we have the option of doing some kind of hand dynamo where maybe you crank it or something like that. So that's the next bullet is the the kinetic provision of energy,. so it's like that flashlight where you have to shake it. we've got solar cells,. which I don't think is a very good idea because you could not use your remote at night. And finally we've got our cradle our power cradle idea.
Okay so we basically have battery versus cradle here?
I like the kinetic.
Well it is it is more I mean it is more eco-friendly than the than the cradle. We have choices in materials. and choices in the general shapes that we can do. Our material choices are a plastic latex ty or plastic, a rubber latex type thing, wood, or titanium. If we go with titanium we're gonna be limited in the amount of shapes we can do
Wood wood would ge would give us a little bit of a marketing niche, wouldn't it.
I I can't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote,
Whatever product you put in there we can find a way to accentuate it.
My recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a like a rubber outer shell,. to make it to mak like a thick plastic inner shell. and a kind of a to have that rubber outer shell to make it more durable,. The advantages of working with plastic and rubber is we we'll have a lot more options just in terms of shape. But basically these are curved and double-curved. I I believe that the tech department, in their in their message to me, that they were referring to the number of th curves in the bottom. I have no idea exactly what they're talking about,. but that's what they told me, uncurved, flat, curved, or double-curved. I think curved means just curved in one axis. and double-curved is curved in two axes. okay, with the interface we have the following options,. we can we can use push buttons,. we can use a scroll wheel with an integrated push button,. and LCD display,. or multiple scrolling wheels. so these are all options that the user interface guy can has at his disposal to put together a user interface. For electronics, we have these very technical descriptions here. A simple chip, which is the least expensive,. but I have no numbers to give you,. a regular chip, which is like the medium porridge the medium expense
D do we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advanced chip?
A simple chip is required to operate push buttons. an advanced chip is required to to operate the LCD display,. and it didn't say specifically, but I I have a hunch that a regular chip is gonna be the scroll wheel and the multiple scroll wheels. That's the end of my presentation.
Oh interface concept. our manufacturing division wanted the speech recognition. They say they could put it to work. but we don't think so. It it it you'll be you know be affected by the by the other speech and
I mean it'll if somebody says up in the middle of a television show, it's gonna change the channel.
But what if you actually had to press a button to make it recognize?
Well then why don't you just press the up button? Even still there's gonna be interf th there's there still will be interference from the TV. I think it's a bad idea frankly.
Yeah so taking that away, our the the the rubber but rubber buttons are the more reliable. it's the the ones that would al would allow us to to market our product as being you know less prone to damage. and more resistant to things like spillage of liquids over it. Well, we wanna small remote control one side. because we want it to be cool and designed,. but apparently market shows that bigger bigger remotes get less lost,. But yeah I think we we need to compromise between those two and somehow we'll do that. Somehow. so the the what I would propose is something more or less in the direction of what is to yo the right of that slide. but without with a a less complicated design,. so the numbers, the volume control, and channel control, and teletext access. the volume and channel control can just become those the the four button array as in if it was a round dial. And if you just think about it as the one to the right but with the numbers and the four buttons plus maybe a centre one with teletext.
So we're suggesting doing a sorta scroll wheel thing for the volume?
I i it's just four buttons that are on a cross,. yeah so I think we we go for something mid-sized,. so something looks good. and is not too prone to get lost.
Trend watching I guess. When I when I see the when I see the product I I I I don't wanna buy it. There's nothing about that product that makes me wanna choose that product over other products that are out there.
Are you talking about the picture? That's not our that's not our design,
Okay 'cause 'cause right now I don't have too much to say about how to market this product. because we don't have a product to market yet. And from from talking to Mike is that we have we have we can market a more expensive product now. without special or increased marketable features I don't believe the product has a consumer demand. I like the idea of of the scroll. what I'm looking for as marketing is give me something different. I give me a lower price,. give me a higher price,. give me some new technology,
I'd I'd say though that we if we did make the decision to go with the cradle though, the then we have that as well,
When we when we have something like the cradle or or something give that's
Well right I think the two big th points that we have so far are the having the cradle. and also having the the actual design of the case itself having like this like rubber shell maybe with a plastic interior,
Just remember when I made up this report I didn't have the information that we're discussing here. so what I'm saying is, from my perspective, I don't have a product to market right now. my personal preference is that we make some adjustment in the cost, either lower. or develop an integrated new technol technology. Yeah again I'm not sold on the product. because we don't have a product in my opinion yet. If you if you give me if you give me a cut-out of what everybody else has then I need to I need to find a lower cost.
So our big questions here really are cradle or not cradle? Do we go basic or do we go for features? does anyone really wanna do anything with the scroll wheel or should we ditch that off-hand first?
Well my question is what would the scroll wheel do? Yeah. Well it's it's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do.
Now what I see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons. So from a marketing standpoint I have I have another door to walk through when we have something that's unique.
What I understand about scroll wheels is they're they're quite expensive to to make.
If if we're gonna make up the extra cost by extra sales I think maybe it's worth it to do it,. but I mean I would just use if I was gonna do this I would just use the scroll wheel for channels up and channels down. No we can we can do multiple scroll wheels but
My personal preference is focusing the the product on the idea of the the case the the dock to put it in to to charge it. We can target like environmentally friendly ideas, that sorta things. It's gonna need to be more expensive because of the cradle. What type of casing? I personally like what you were saying about the plastic with the rubber.
I'm thinking yeah something like kinda almost like these pens, you know,. where there's you have plastic bits. and then it's not really rubber. but just kinda like a fused the plastic with rubber on the outside.
Just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip, sorta thing or for. d do we want to do anything more basic with the more advanced with the user interface in terms of do we want to go for buttons,. or do we want if we're ditching the scroll wheels do we want to go LCD?
Or from from my perspective I think LCD is a mistake. and all you're doing I mean it's you're not gonna get any information back from the television,. so the only information you can display on this remote is what channel you just sent it at last
So you know unless technology changes and information starts coming out of the a cable box or something there's no I don't see the,
So, what we need to know in terms of marketing and project management are are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this?
Well we have to I think for me it's still not exactly clear exactly what the inter user interface is gonna be.
You know the other thing I thought about was you know, do we go to something like this? Make a remote that doesn't look like a remote.
Well I dunno about like the flip-phone idea,
I mean what I see one of the things one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is, when you got children, their their stuff gets inside the circuitry, they get dirty, they get messy with drinks and stuff. And what I keep throwing out there I just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act or in some way identify itself as unique or different.
And I guess th th the question th th that you're being asked right now is whether is the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product,. or do we really need the scroll wheel as well? Because the scroll wheel comes at quite a cost.
I think if you can have the base station with a with a locator, I think those are two very strong features,
The locator's gonna require a radio transmitter,. we're probably gonna have to go with a like a medium chip, I would imagine.
I know personally that would be a very attractive feature, is to have a have a button I can push to find my remote control.
And it's presumably gonna need a little speaker in it or something like that as well to beep. But I guess a little tiny speaker is gonna be quite cheap,
So the scroll wheel, in or out?
Pr my personal preference is out.
For me I think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad. I don't know exactly what the increased cost is gonna be,
I I think there's you know that there are so many people today that are that are surfing are television surfers,. and I see the scroll as a as a great mechanism for surfing.
Now just just so you know though you did bring up a point which is very valid, is a lot of T_V_s won't re the T_V_s won't respond exactly the same. so you may like queue up like fifteen channel changes, and it'll be like flip, flip, flip.
You could basically make it so that it'll I mean it's just gonna be sending a signal to the TV yeah the TV's ge so if you send about five flip channels, if you did that it's gonna flip once.
It just might be frustrating where you can't make it go as fast as you want,
Now the the only thing I I on the interface side of it, is that I I I see the dilemma. So I can go presuming I have, on my television, something that tells me what channel I'm on, I can scroll direct from channel five to channel thirty two. 'cause the television can go automatically from channel five to channel thirty two with the push of a button. Okay? So ca can we can we create that kind of interface within a scroll system?
So if maybe if we had an LCD up the top that just did a number on it, right?
It'll tell you when you flip the channel on the TV.
How would you program it though?
Well you just it's one extra button. You say programme start, and then type in
And again we have another another great marketing tool.
The problem we're gonna have is making it robust.
Oh well we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes, between going through your favourites list and just hitting up one, up two.
Well then you just have, you have a diff you have a mode switch.
So right details th that we've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel. We want a mode indicator. We want back-lit buttons.
Just so you know I think I mean it was my understanding that before we were gonna stay in the mid-market range.
So we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to,. though we haven't got to a stage where we're ready to pin down the price of components.
I guess what I just want to me the next step is for these guys to come come in with the design proposal with the cost estimate attached,
Let's let's try and think now, how much would you pay for
But you've gotta think who our target market is
I would say thirty five to forty.
Yeah, I was gonna say thirty five to fifty.
Thirty five to fifty Euros is our sales bracket okay.
Okay so we'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber, robust, with scroll wheel, with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff, favourite channels, and and with a cradle, and yeah and the locator.
With a cradle, radio transmitters, and back-lit buttons.
The next meeting starts in thirty minutes,. So we've got more than a thirty minutes. Okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and